the images you are now seeing of an accident occurred ten days ago
back in the countryside where a tractor fell over
a laborer on Thursday that another accident involving
agricultural equipment sa where I'm going to treat tractor fell we go
talk
the cable torreense ask for more explanations for them
kalou less than ten days two accidents what are the care that people
who work with Victor's agricultural equipment
rita milk in which we would steal several of these companies the occurrence of
gale
agricultural machinery is not
we ask that the staff who work with these instruments will
greater care in the security account
before all our security protectors that the
is a machine offers paraná to avoid these types of accident
Judge from behind we already had a person who was up to the task and now we
term so race that had a tipping over a tractor then the people
always with the population taking care to avoid these accidents will bring
cause
we are clear
and that in the case of you today
What happened on the spot?
can be sure I can not say what I mean just that people
have a face and witnesses
The second one was yelled at.
the maneuver in the tractor and this same commitment to punctuate only that unfortunately it was
released in getafe far from the alderman of the tractor the order does not fear risk
give to the victim as the tractor fell over
but no it was not only the good person she was thrown away from the vehicle
confronted with the situation
nothing victims
robbie keane the half-elias victim who has already been given since this second
report
before witness
when it was released and live to hit the ground car
the head is the place that deserves to be taken care of then we refer
where he will receive the necessary medical care and evaluation
final